# # ParcelItem

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**hsCode** | **string** | Harmonized System Code [Wikipedia Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmonized_System). Providing a complete HS code with more characters increases the delivery rate. |
**weight** | **string** | Weight of a single item in kilograms. |
**quantity** | **int** | Quantity of items shipped. |
**description** | **string** | Description of the item. |
**originCountry** | **string** | ISO-2 code of the country where the items were originally produced. [External Link](http://www.nationsonline.org/oneworld/country_code_list.htm). | [optional]
**value** | **float** | Value of a single item. |
**sku** | **string** | The SKU of the product. | [optional]
**productId** | **string** | The internal ID of the product. | [optional]
**properties** | **object** | The list of properties of the product. Used as a JSON object with {‘key’: ‘value’}. | [optional]
**itemId** | **string** | External ID of the item generated by a shop system or similar. | [optional]
**returnReason** | **int** | The return reason identifier matching the ones provided from Sendcloud. Only applicable for returns. | [optional]
**returnMessage** | **string** | Optional a message relating to the return. Only applicable for returns. | [optional]
**midCode** | **string** | Code to identify the manufacturer of the product. It is required when shipping to the US and is used for generating commercial invoice. | [optional]
**materialContent** | **string** | Composition of the items. Used for commercial invoice generation. | [optional]
**intendedUse** | **string** | Text that identifies the Intended Use of the item. This will be used to classify the item based on the new ICS2 system. Used for commercial invoice generation. | [optional]
**dangerousGoods** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\Model\DangerousGoods**](DangerousGoods.md) |  | [optional]
**ddsReference** | **string** | The DDS (Due Diligence Statement) reference number associated with the item, if applicable. See EUDR system for more details. | [optional]
**taricDocCode** | **string** | TARIC document codes are specific alphanumeric codes used in EU customs declarations (Box 44) to identify required supporting documents, certificates, or conditions for a product, like health certificates (e.g., 3200), origin proofs (e.g., EUR.1), or special authorizations (e.g., C716 for due diligence) for simplified procedures, ensuring compliance with EU trade rules for various goods. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
